fix(portal): UI description for API documentation (#5435)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/catalog/apis.md

To create a new API document, do one of the following:
{% navtabs "link-service" %}
{% navtab "{{site.konnect_short_name}} UI" %}
Navigate to [**Catalog > APIs**](https://cloud.konghq.com/apis) in the sidebar and click your API. 

> Click the **Documentation** tab, and then click **New document** to create a new Markdown document. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to [**Catalog > APIs**](https://cloud.konghq.com/apis) in the sidebar and click your API. 
1. Click the **Documentation** tab, and then click **New document** to create a new Markdown document. 
```

> If you want to upload a Markdown documentation file, use the API or Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to upload an existing Markdown documentation file, use the API or Terraform.
```
